Hobby is a powerful engine how to improve our lives. It helps us to relax from the daily routine and pays our attention on things that person individually likes and that makes us feel happy. It could be everything that person imposes. 
To enjoy hobbies people can sacrifice many things like time, money and even health. 
A plenty of hobbies exist in our world. They could be usual and unusual.
Basically, people do sport, try themselves in art, read books, play comp games and so on. Lets consider one of them.
 Sport has always been popular in our country. There are different sporting societies and clubs in Ukraine. Millions of people watch figure skating competitions, hockey and football matches, car races, tennis tournaments and other sports events. Certainly watching sports events and going in for sports are two different things. Now everybody knows that sport can be a profession and a business. But sport can be fun as well. Besides, it helps to stay in good shape, to keep fit and to be healthy.
Also people have weird activities as carving, juggling weights, appearing in the background on TV, collecting crazy stuff etc.
FE, carving is a kind of artistic activity that demands art skills and patience. If you do carving, you need to have a plenty of time. It is your sacrifice actually.	

Collecting
Collecting is a great hobby because it can be different, unique for everyone. Each found item has its own story.
Collecting small items can easily become a mania. One always cuts out from newspapers sketches of model clothes that she would like to buy, if she had the money. As she is not rich, the chances that she will ever be able to afford such purchases are remote; but she is never sufficiently strong-minded to be able to stop the practice.

Collecting as a serious hobby is quite different and has many advantages. It provides relaxation for leisure hours. One does not have to go outside for entertainment, since the collection is housed at home. Whatever it consists of, stamps, records, first editions of books, glass, antique furniture, pictures, model cars, stuffed birds, toy animal, there is always something to do in connection with it, from finding the right place for the latest addition to verifying facts in reference books. This hobby educates one not only in the chosen subject, but also in general matters which have some bearing on it. There are also other benefits. One wants to meet like-minded collectors, to get advice, to compare notes, to exchange articles, to show off the latest find. So one’s circle of friends grows. Soon the hobby leads to travel, perhaps to a meeting in another town, possibly a trip abroad in search of a rare specimen, for collectors are not confined to any one country. Over the years one may well become an authority on one’s hobby and will very probably be asked to give informal talks to little gatherings and then, if successful, to larger audiences. In this way self-confidence grows, first from mastering a subject, then from being able to talk about it. Collecting, by occupying spare time so constructively, makes a person contented, with no time for boredom.

The demand for pets determines the supply. Many people can see the use of keeping cattle: they serve as food for people. But what use are pets? The most common reasons for keeping pets are:
Company socializing they are beautiful, nice and interesting status something to do
Many people have pets to substitute relationships with partners, children or family members. Many elderly people for instance, like having a dog instead of being all alone at home. This is usually a lap dog, very affectionate and strokable. 
The animal serves people's need to cherish, love and fight boredom. But this is really a distressing reason for keeping a pet. The animal is a replacement for normal human contact, something that apparently is too much to summon in our individualistic society. Their pet keeps them from pining. But of course, it has to be a type of dog that suits them and that has been bred especially for their needs.
As for me, I have a cat at home. My cat helps me feel piece in my mind. Her name is Ei ty idi suda. For our family and me – our cat is a great valuable asset and when I become older, I would share some part of my life with lovely pets.
People find animals attractive. No matter what kind of animal it is, you can always find an interesting characteristic. Birds sing, dogs and cats are playful and funny, and there are animals that look uncommon.

Zoo is one of the main attraction site in urban areas. People visits this place to see animals and they want to learn about the behavior and characteristics of the animals. However, animal rights group are against in keeping animals in the zoos. 
    Rampant hunting and killing of animals can cause to lessen their population and might lead to extinction of its kind. In order to save those animals on the brink of extinction, some people tend to relocate or placed them on zoos to be secured. In this manner, scientist can study the characteristics of animals and save them from extinction. Other scientist try to help animals in the zoos to produce offsprings in order to increase their population. More than that, zoos charged admission fee; this profits will aid zoo owner to keep the animals well nourish or help researchers to improve their scientific studies on how to preserve and extend animals life.
   In contrast, animal rights group are against keeping the animals in zoos. They stressed out that animals should be in the wilderness, not in cages. Zoos are suppressing the freedom of the animals. Their cages have a limited space compared in the wilderness lions can roam around freely and hunt their prey for food. Instead they are just walking around on a limited space and depend to the people who feed them.
  In conclusion, animals have the right to live freely in the wilderness. However, due to the cruelty of mankind, some animals are destined to perish. In order to prevent this situation happens, animals should be kept in a secured facilities which they can increase their own population with the help of scientist.
 
With the prompt development of the society, nowadays on the world scene appeared new subcultural currents. Many people, basically teenagers, become to join these subcultures. Is it their choice or is it external influence on them? Lets consider this question with more details.
While exact definitions vary, the Oxford English Dictionary defines a subculture as "a cultural group within a larger culture, often having beliefs or interests at variance with those of the larger culture”. Psychologists say that, teenagers join these groups because they want to be accepted by society. 
In my humble opinion, joining subcultural tribes is a teenagers choice and interpretation their choice as “circumstance’s influence” is only a justification.
We have too much examples in our life, when teenagers with different obtains choose not to join some doubtful subcultures and moved to the way of Self-development, actually. It can be rough, but I think that only weak people join this subcultural groups. 
If I were a parent of this guy, who joined some of those groups, I would speak with him. If we had this conversation with my offspring, I would overpersuade him, that it is not the only way how to show his skills or individual features of his personality.

Nowadays, society gets used to judge and even condemn people because of their look; they can interpret people’s acts in wrong way only because people in general looks at cover of a book but not inside.
Many opinions people have about – is it right to judge people only because of his look or not? I think it will more wisely to look at God’s Word:
But the LORD said unto Samuel, Look not on his countenance (лицо), or on the height of his stature; because I have refused him: for the LORD seeth not as man seeth; for man looketh on the outward appearance, but the LORD looketh on the heart.
1 Samuel: 16:7 (King James version)
This Bible verse shows us that even God looks on the heart and in His great Wisdom He advised not to look on countenance or on the height but look on the heart. He condemned the “books cover” attitude. That’s why, in my opinion, we all need to treat (относиться) with people with understanding too. 
Of course, mass media imposed us this kind of attitude (books cover actually). Because of media people got used to think by stereotypes. People use stereotypes in daily routine every day, they brand these stereotypes on their neighbors, friends, colleges. Why? Psychologists consider, that thinking by stereotypes make life more easier, because you don’t need to consider every situation every time anew, but you can put pattern called stereotype to describe almost every situation using your past experience. And of course it disturbs estimating things freshly and objectively.
To sum up, judging people by the book s cover is a wrong path.

ART AND MODERN SOCIETY
The position of creative art in modern society is in many ways a difficult one. This difficulty is shared to some extent by most creative activities – literature, music, architecture, even the theatre – but painting and sculpture have difficulties peculiar to themselves. 
Almost without exception, official recognition was given only to conservative art, and the most creative artists were rejected from exhibitions, refused membership in societies, and denied commissions and awards, and purchases by museums. 
At the same time, science and technology have produced new mass forms of visual art – photography, the movies, television, and popular illustration. The camera has come into direct competition with the artist. Photography in the form of movies and television has created a visual art for the people such as never existed before. 
The majority of the general public is more or less indifferent to the fine arts – not just to modern art, but also to that of the past – and indeed to the best contemporary creation in literature, music, and all the arts.
The audience for the fine arts today may be small compared to the great public, but there is no question that it is larger than at any time in modern history, and constantly growing, as is proved by attendance at museums and galleries, by enrollment in art schools, and try the amount of space given to art in the popular press. This audience is important out of all proportion to its size. It supports artistic creation both financially and spiritually. It influences the wider public, and its judgments are often those of the future.

Eternal Fight For Freedom
Hello world! Today Im gonna speak speaking with you about fighting for freedom. 
We all know, that freedom is the fix idea of all mankind in general. Maybe it can be strange, but people see freedom differently. Someone thinks, that pluralism is freedom, for someone else – abundance of money is freedom.
Freedom is more like philosophical question. Scripture tells us that “And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free. John:8:32”.
But Im going to consider more radical variations deprivations of freedom – for example slavery.
We all know from history that it was a long period in America when slavery reigned. But a big contribution brought Abraham Lincoln in the end of the 1862 when he cancelled slavery and Americans slaves were released.
Also Mahatma Gandhi was a great freedom fighter actually. He was against the idea of being Britain colony and made a big influence on Indian society in general.
USSR were such kind a totalitarian Union, Stalin repressed people. Also with the strong development of mankind, they went to democracy, and people got more freedom in speech, thinking, writing and etc. 
To sum up, freedom is really important and it’s a priori invaluable to be free and we need to keep it.

Reading Habits
Books are the inseparable part of life. Everyone may have different attitudes to this object. For one it is just black printed letters on the white paper, for another one book – is a place of peace, rest, comfortable pastime, someone looks at book as something bright in his life, a bunch of the light. As people say, “opinions like noses, they also have a few holes”  In my humble opinion, books – engine how to improve our life, understand more situations, it can give us wisdom, but not always – it depends on a book.
When I prepared this topic, I found an interesting fact, that many famous writers died from unexpected circumstances, made a suicide or became mad.
For example Fridrich Nicshe, who died from darkened mind.  There are many examples. Although, writers dying, they’re creations could live in people memory long time and make influence on people’s thinking.
My favorite writer is Arthur Conan Doyle with his most famous Sherlock Holmes, that blew the world. This character differs from others by using his mind in a very high level, noticing every detail to find solution. It is the most lovely character in all literature I had ever read.
To sum up, I want to underline, that reading is really important.

Phobia is a strong feeling of fear. In some cases it becomes a phsycological illness. Mostly it is a result of a bad accident which leaves in our mind unpleasant memories. When a person sees the subject which reminds him about the accident, he feels uncomfortable and a strong desire to escape.s
For example, a man who is afraid of darkness explains his fear by the childhood memories. He had been locked in a dark room as a kind of punishment. This punishment became his phobia when he grew up. Children who were not surrounded by love and care of their parents usually have a low self-esteem, and they are afraid of people and crowded places. This is called social phobia.
The phobia is conditioned reflex, so the best treatment is to reverse the conditioning. In order to do so, suffers of this phobia must try to establish positive associations with the objects that triggers their fears. This can be a very long and painful process and is based on gradual exposure to the object, linked to the practice of a range of relaxation techniques.
The object of the phobia may even be totally harmless, everyday objects like a tap or a light bulb. For a fear to be considered a phobia, it has to be so extreme and cause so much distress that it seriously limits a person’s normal life.
In conclusion, I want to tell everybody who is suffering from phobia not to live with their past. We have to live now thinking about our future and not to allow our past to control our present.

Ecological problems
Earth is the only planet in the solar system where there is life. It is home to various kinds of plant and animal species. For centuries people lived in harmony with their environment until industrialization began. It brought human society into conflict with nature, which today has grown to a dramatic scale. Every year industrial waste pollutes surrounding atmosphere with millions of tons of dust and harmful substances.
The most acute problems include shortage of natural resources, global warming, acid rains, wildlife extinction, water and air pollution.
Air pollution is one of the most important and urgent problems. It is mostly caused by transport and factory fumes, which gradually destroy the ozone layer. 
Water pollution also leads to numerous problems in natural environment. Many ships carry oil by sea. In case, there is a leakage, many fish die or get contaminated. It happens because their habitat gets polluted. People can also suffer if they eat such fish. 
Acid rains lead to deforestation. Many forests disappear because of acid rains. It is especially true for tropical forests. Such rains kill nature in many ways: animals die out, climate changes along with ecosystem.
Wildlife extinction is no less acute. Many species of animals are in danger nowadays. For example, the blue whale, which is the largest water animal in the world, has been hunted for so long that it became a rare animal. The largest land animal is the African elephant, and it is also exposed to extinction. The only solution of this problem is wildlife conservation. It means opening more national parks, planting more new forests, and cutting down on industrial pollution.
Global warming has recently become a real threat. It is the rise in the average temperature of Earth’s atmosphere and oceans, which brings tangible changes into world’s climate. 
Shortage of natural resources will definitely affect the future of our environment. It includes food and water shortage, fuel and non-fuel minerals shortage. These resources are not limitless and if people persist using them uncontrollably, the upcoming years will become extremely polluted, economically unstable and risky.
So what can we do to make our world greener? In my opinion, everyone can help our planet be greener just doing a few simple things. For example, we can recycle paper and plastics and reduce our waste as much as possible. Buy e-books and e-programs as much as possible. Take public transport. Walk, jog, ride a bike, skip or hop instead of taking a car. Turn lights OFF when we leave a room. Eat more vegetables. Stop water flow when we’re washing dishes, teeth, etc. Unplug electronics and appliances when not using them. (Many people don’t realize that even things like cell phone chargers are consuming power when not being used.)
To sum-up, there are many things we can do, but if we want these things be efficient we must make it a habit.

What is the common cold?
The cold is a contagious viral disease which infects the upper respiratory tract. More than 200 viruses are known to cause the common cold - this is why people can catch colds over and over again
It is said that the cold is also known as the common cold because it is such a common illness. Most people will catch two to four colds a year - and they are much more frequent during the winter months.
Some people use the term ‘head cold’. This is simply the common cold which affects the nasal passages and sinuses more intensely than normal. 
Common cold symptoms
Cold viruses entering our body attach themselves to the soft, warm surfaces of the nose, throat and sinuses and hence, this is where symptoms of the cold normally start. The first symptom is often an irritation, itch or soreness in the throat. However, a range of other symptoms may be experienced, from a blocked nose to sweating.
Typically, symptoms of the common cold appear within one or two days after you have been infected by the virus and can last for up to a week. Generally this doesn’t lead to any further complications, but there is a range of medical conditions which may arise as a result of your cold.
What causes a cold?
The common cold can be caused by any one of around 200 different viruses. If you are infected by one of these, your immune system triggers a response to fight the infection. This causes inflammation and the cold symptoms we are all familiar with.
Viruses causing colds can be found in many places, ranging from droplets in the air to escalator handrails. There are certain hygiene measures you can take to reduce your exposure to these viruses, such as washing your hands regularly.
What remedies are there for colds?
There is no cure for the cold. However, a variety of remedies are available to ease symptoms and help you fight the infection:
Pain-killers such as aspirin or paracetamol help to lessen symptoms such as muscle pain and headaches and are the basis of popular conventional cold and flu remedies
Nasal sprays can help to clear a blocked nose.
Cough medicines or syrups may reduce any coughing fits. 
One of the most popular herbs used for colds is Echinacea. It helps the body fight the symptoms of the colds by strengthening the immune system
Antibiotics, which treat infections caused by bacteria, are not effective against the common cold as these are caused by viruses. This is the reason doctors are reluctant to prescribe antibiotics even for severe colds, unless there is an accompanying bacterial infection.
So, in my opinion, common cold is a slight illness and it is not surely lead to sick leave. However, if you have the opportunity, you had better stay at home and treat yourself, because in this case you recover more quickly and do not infect your colleagues. To sum-up, if you don’t want to be infected, you must jog every morning, go in for sport and practice good hygiene.

Why we should to predict our future?
Predicting the future is important for two reasons: first we need to start to think about what kind of future we would like for ourselves and to pass on to the next generation, and then we need to know what decisions we need to make today that will give the best result in the future. In my opinion in next fifty years:
Transport 
All vehicles will be optionally self-drivable, and they will use clean energy, and it will be cheap or even free.
Vehicles will be made of everlasting materials such as Graphene.
Much of the transport infrastructure such as roads, will be made with built in safety and security features, and in some cases energy charging facilities.
Public transport will normally have communication links built in, and transport stations will also cater for communication needs as well as transport indicators for all requirements.
Housing
Housing will become increasingly expensive to the point where buying a house will not be an option for most young people.
They will resort to 'Tiny houses' which will commonly be transportable. Typically these will be attached to vehicles, or the vehicle will be habitable as with caravans.
They will be fully wired, and all flat surfaces will be available as screens.
Car parks and such will also cater for such vehicles by offering washing facilities, catering, etc.
Education
Schools and Education centres will become Resource Centres that will supply materials, equipment, and advice.
There will be a choice of Home education, and Group education, and all courses will be available online.
Computers
Quantum computers and other varieties of information handling will be totally integrated in all of our possessions as well as ourselves.

Each of these inventions will make our life easier, but we all know that main thing in our lives is not a technical achievements or luxury and rich, but it is our relations with loved people and friends. The winner in life is not the one with the most money, the winner is the person who sleeps best at night. To feel good about ourselves and the people around us, we should listen to them and show them the love and respect they deserve as fellow human beings and help those in need. That is what will matter when we go to bed at night in 50 years from now, and hopefully will give us a good night’s sleep.

Celebrity Worship Syndrome
The theory behind how and why we come to worship celebrities (and why some of us are more affected than others) is a pop culture question almost as old as pop culture itself.
In fact, experts say that as long as there have been those who pull ahead of the crowd in fame or fortune, there has been a curious crowd wanting to follow.
People who worshipped celebrities for entertainment and social reasons were more optimistic, outgoing, and happy. Those who worshipped celebrities for personal reasons or were more obsessive were more depressed, more anxious, more solitary, more impulsive, more anti-social and more troublesome. So, those people who choose bad example to follow, will suffer from different unhealthy habits, stresses and depressions, because they copy a wrong lifestyle of their celebrities. 
While for some, celebrity worship can be unhealthy, experts say that for most of us, it's a pleasant diversion that can actually improve our lives. This is particularly true when the object of our interest sets a good example that helps us strive to achieve our own ideals.
Experts say hero worship can yield even more positive results when celebrities take to the streets with campaigns that encourage good health -- and ultimately help convince us to personally make changes in our own lives.
So, if celebrity worship syndrome is disease, we can cure it in a simple way. We just need to choose a correct celebrity to worship. If we choose celebrity who distribute healthy lifestyle, healthy habits and show how to achieve success in live, we will also been healthy and successful people without any stresses and depressions. However, the best way to cure CWS is replacing the focus of our attention from celebrity to our own lives.

In the present modern life style, we do not take care of our health and the consequences of our eating habits and other styles of life. 
Only when we land into trouble we realize the bad state of affairs being the side effects of the modern life style.

There is an old saying , “We are what we eat” which holds good even today. 
If we are consuming high calorie foods and not doing enough exercise, it will affect our health very soon.  
The stress and strain filled life style, long working hours and unhealthy eating habits further complicate the matters.
Moreover today’s job or profession is highly demanding which makes us working for long hours, leaving little time to look after our house and children.
This automatically push us to the easiest choice of ready-to-eat junk foods.. Normally vegetables and fruits find no place in our food menu.

However, we also have another problem. It is failure of the existing services to prevent, detect and treat diseases effectively. 

The problem is not one of physical accessibility. On the contrary, Ukraine has already an oversized number of hospitals and hospital beds, approximately 40 percent more than the EU average. The problem lies in inefficient allocation and use of resources, decades of neglected investments and rampant corruption in the sector.
In the short term, the following actions are crucial:
First, ensuring under the current exceptional circumstances delivery of free care, including pharmaceuticals, to people in most acute need and against the most important diseases;
Second, removing legal obstacles for more efficient allocation of resources and to move from input-based, focused on number of hospital beds, to patient-based financing model;
Last, increasing transparency and accountability in the piloting of new payment mechanisms, or “purchasing”, and management arrangements in some primary care locations and hospitals.

To sum-up, everyone should care about own health that is walk or jog every morning, going in for sport, consuming only healthy food, sleeping enough and so on, otherwise nobody will care about it, but in case someone get ill, hospital should be able to help this one to recover.

We all know that we are not ideal humans, because everyone have own vices. Some of us have more vices, someone – less, but everyone have it.
There are many examples of vices humans have, but I give a couple of examples. At first, many people have unhealthy habits such as consuming alcohol, drugs, smoking and so on. It destroy peoples health and lives, but real problems begins when such habits have celebrities which worshiped by millions of people especially children or teens, because in this case such habits spread very fast and passed on the next generation. 
At second, many people put the focus of their attention only on moneymaking and forget about their family, friends, don’t care about their health, and often they realize the mistake very late. It is really a problem, because in case such person is a powerful businessman or held a high post in government there appear a rampant of corruption, which leads to underfunding of people, decline in live standards and as a result state collapse.
That is why the contest of the worst villain is held annually in the USA. They want to show these problems to society and prevent the bad consequences. I think, it is really good idea and we also need to hold a such contest in Ukraine. In my opinion, the winner of such “award” more likely will be someone of our politics, but I don’t know exactly who, because each of them is good of their.

Altruism is a way of thinking and behaving that shows you care about other people and their interests more than you care about yourself. Altruism means any behavior that is kind, generous and helpful to others. 
I am really sure that altruism is not a popular myth. People are not likely to read about altruism in a newspaper, but they take place with great occurrence. People go to considerable trouble to help a sick neighbor, take in a family left homeless by a fire, and serve as volunteer firemen and hospital attendants. 
Altruism it is an innate trait that has been passed along through the process of evolution. In addition, people have always had a better chance or survival when living with other individuals than when trying to make it alone. It seems likely that those who were willing to cooperate with others had a chance of surviving and passing along their characteristics to future generation. It is believe that not only altruism lies in heredity but in learning. There are wide individual differences in tendencies toward altruism. The people most likely to be altruistic are those who have learned to experience empathy— the ability to feel the mental and emotional state of another person as if they were one's own. Having altruistic parents or other models to imitate and identify with also plays a part. Whether altruism is or is not a basic and innate human trait, there seems to be a little doubt that it can at least be encouraged or discouraged by learning and by social influence. 
To sum up, altruism is not just a myth: it’s a way people live and behave in different situations and it also played a great role in our evolution.

When you have successfully mastered cover letters, resumes, and job applications and are receiving requests for interviews, it’s time to understand how to succeed in the job interview so that you are ever closer to your goal of obtaining one or more job offers. There are a lot of tips and advice on how to prepare for it so let’s talk about them.
At first, you need to Review Common Interview Questions and Prepare Responses. The most common interview questions are: 
What are your strengths and weaknesses
Why you are interested in the job and what can you bring to it
Why do you want to work for us
So that, you need to think of your strengths relevant to the job, list two-three reasons for wanting the job and get as much information about company you are having interview at as you can.
Then, Dress for Success. Plan out a wardrobe that fits the organization and its culture, striving for the most professional appearance you can accomplish. Arriving at the time and making good first expression is really important too. You have to remember body language, avoid bad habits and ask insightful questions. While the content of your interview responses is paramount, poor body language can be a distraction at best — or a reason not to hire you at worst.
Finally, sell yourself throughout and thank interviewers in person or by Email. Writing thank-you emails and notes shortly after the interview will not get you the job offer, but doing so will certainly give you an edge over any of the other finalists who did not bother to send thank-you’s.
To sum up, succeeding in job interviews takes research, practice, and persistence. The more effort you put into your interview preparation, the more success you’ll see in obtaining job offers — especially if you remember and follow these job interviewing tips. 

DWELL ON THE CONCEPT OF HAPPINESS. PEOPLE’S PERCEPTION OF THEIR OWN HAPPINESS IN DIFFERENT COUNTRIES Can a person be taught to be happy? 
What is happiness? People have agonized over this question for centuries, but only recently has science begun to weigh in on the debate. The research suggests that happiness is a combination of how satisfied you are with your life (for example, finding meaning in your work) and how good you feel on a day-to-day basis. Both of these are relatively stable—that is, our life changes, and our mood fluctuates, but our general happiness is more genetically determined than anything else. 
But another question is can we taught to be happy? There are a lot of different views: some people think that one can not be taught to be happy. They say that happiness is a state of mind that should come from one's inner self. It is made up of pleasure, engagement, and meaning and its level varies from person to person. Happiness of a person depends on several factors such as love and recognition he gets from family, peers and society, achievements and accomplishments in the personal and official life. So that, person can’t change this by himself. 
As for me, happiness does not teach a concept and a good life, but we need to correctly understand the realities of life. Acting on our own responsibility and respect for others will certainly more satisfice us.
To sum up, people nowadays are dissatisfied with their life. As for me, it is because they worry about the slightest problem and can not realize that they have EVERYTHING to be happy: loving family, best friend, healthy parents and a house to live in!

	
 LEGAL AND ILLEGAL WAYS TO MAKE MONEY. MONEY,MODERN TECHNOLOGY AND CRIME There are two sayings: Money makes the world go round and Love makes the world go round. In your opinion, which one is right? 

When asked, "What makes the world go 'round?", some people will empathically answer "Money!" while others will firmly declare, "Love!" It's been said that "money can't buy love," but there is also wisdom in the concept that "it takes cash to care." 
Many people think that it is impossible to actively pursue love and money at the same time. A job, the main source of income for most persons, is seen as a tedious chore that is only tolerated because it pays the bills. The idea of working for love seems like a childish fantasy. 
Others are so obsessed by the need to amass riches that they will sacrifice human kindness to gain a dollar. In their greed for money, they will abuse and take advantage of people; and cheating and corruption often become necessary evils in their pathway to progress. 
While there may be conflicting views on whether love or money is more important for happiness, I am strongly convinced that we need to balance these two things. Then, we have to discover our passions,our purpose in life, – things we would want to do every day if money was no option, - and turn it into profit. For example, if you've been told that you have a wonderful speaking voice, think of how you can use this asset to earn. You could approach a company that produces commercials and become a voice talent. You could also look at a career in broadcasting, or even voice audio books for writers. 
And the last and the the most important advice - put people ahead of money. Whether you're an employee aspiring to work for love and money, or a business owner wishing to make your money show your love, remember the true value of money. It can sometimes be tempting to place wealth on a pedestal and forget that it is only a means to an end. 
Do you judge people according to the clothes they wear or the cars they drive? Do you think that the wealthy are more important than those with few resources? Don't make money an indicator of a person's true worth; treat everyone with the respect and love that you would like to receive.
